>> Bianca Gandolfo: So let's just
talk about insertion really quickly.
So, we have a root node here of 3,
we wanna insert this value 20.
At every step,
we need to do a comparison, right?
We say, is this greater than or less than?
Let's take a peek.
So, I got 3, greater than or less than?
Greater than, so we go right.
15, greater than or less than?
So we go, it's greater than,
right, we go right.
20, greater than or less than?
It's less than, right, or 26,
it's less than, so we go left.
21, greater than or less than?
>> Audience: Less.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Greater than or
less than?
>> Audience: Greater than.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Greater.
>> Audience: Yep.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
that's how we find it's spot.
So we when we insert a node,
we have to go through and
compare until we find an open spot
where it meets the criteria, mm-hm?
>> Audience: Why do we put 20
as a child to 19 instead of put
it between 19 and 21 or 15 and 26?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
at each point, you have to compare.
So at 15, it's greater,
so it has to go right.
At 26, it's less than,
so it has to go left.
21, it's less than, so it has to go left.
19, it's greater than, and there's a spot.
It has to have a spot, cuz it either
has to go to a left or right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, yeah.
>> Audience: And
it can only have two spots.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so if it was 22-
>> Audience: But
you were thinking inserting,
I mean you could've put it between.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Then you'd
have to rebalance the two.
>> Audience: Okay, I see.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: For sure, cool.
>> Audience: So, [COUGH] we had
a side topic about rebalancing.
This is the topic right here?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, we're not
actually gonna go into how to rebalance
because of time constraints.
But we're getting there,
we're moving towards building this and
why it's important to rebalance.